Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now we can update our Hello world function from our last lecture to not only say hello world but also
give us back a name for a function to do this.
We enter a username in the brackets of the function's definition of def.
Hello world.
So let's just do that now.
So we started off again so we have our comments and we're going to start from scratch again.
DPF Hello world.
And now in the last one we know we know information to pass into our brackets what we're going to do
now.
So we add user name by adding user name here we allow a function to accept and the value of user name
we specify our function now expects us to provide a value for user name.
Each time we call it.
So again let's describe our function and we do that with three double quotes
showing a user name.
OK.
And because of a treatable quote again this time we go print Hello
plus user name.
Don't forget our title that we saw at the very beginning.
Plus post-up.
OK.
The variable use a name and definition of hello world is an example of a parameter a piece of information.
The function needs to do its job and then to finish off a program we enter in again.
Hello world.
But we must pass it some more information that we're going to give it or use name here Tony.
The value Tony is an example of an argument an argument is a piece of information that is passed from
a function call to a function or a function call is here.
Hello world and this here beginning with F is our function when we call the function.
We place the value we want the function to work with in the brackets.
In this example the argument Tony was passed at a function.
Hello world.
And the value was stored in the parameter username.
So let's run this and see what we get.
There we go.
Hello Tony capsulized would a full stop so not a very simple example.
An introduction to functions this time about how we can pass information to a function and later lectures.
We look at how we can do this dynamically without having the predefined argument as we did here.
Thank you for listening and I'll see you in the next Lechter.